Greedy Strategy:

1.  A greedy algorithm works in following way:
    A.  It first makes a greedy choice.
    B.  Then it reduce the larger problem into smaller problems.
    C.  Iterate until there are no problems left.

2.  For car refueling example its like:
    A.  Go from point a to a point g(the farthest reachable point).
    B.  Make G a new A and again apply step A going from new a to a point b.(Similar problem to A but of smaller size).


*** In Greedy algorithms The concept of "Safe Move" is very important. Our first move should always be a safe move.
    If we take any move that is not safe and continue with algorithm then the entire algorithm can get wrong.
    E.g. in case of car refueling our:
    A.  first move should not be = As long as fuel can take us.
    B.  it should also not be first move = first gas station.
    C.  ** First move = last gas station where fule can take is a safe move.

3.  We can take some examples here-

    A.  Largest number {2,3,5,6,7,9,7}
        The problem is to create the largest number from the list of numbers given.

        1.  To solve this problem we need to make our Safe Move. We can think like starting from start(2) and create
            a number from that. We can also start from end and then go create an algorithm. But these both approach
            wont give us the Safe Move.
        2.  To get the safe move we can scan through the array and get the largest number and add it to our new list/string
            that makes largest number.
        3.  We can also sort the list and then start from beginning as a Smart Move.

    B.  The second problem is car refueling algorithm. We are on our route between two cities. We need to find the minimum
        number of refuels.

        1.  First thing here is to find the Safe Move. We can have following safe moves:
            a.  Go until we run out of fuel.
            b.  Go to the first gas station and refuel.
            c.  Go to the farthest gas station where gas can take.

        2.  If we see above then c is the correct solution.
        3.  We will start with A and find a gas station G1, G2...until farthest we can reach with gas.
        4.  So if gas can take 500 miles we will go to the farthest gas station under 500 miles and refuel there.
        5.  Then this gas station will be the new A and we will again apply the same algorithm on sub-problem.
